# HP-text-adventure
Interactive fanfiction of the Harry Potter series
This is a WIP that I do when I have some free time. Just training Twine/ink and writing... 

ABOUT THE STORY

Synopsys: In the year of 1975, 5th grader students from different school of magic from all around the world attended an exchange program led by the International Wizard Confederation. The idea was to transform the magical schooling in a worldwide network trhough knowledge exchange between students from various cultures. But not everything is perfect, not even meant to be. The cultural shock is a challange and you will now accompany one of these students, at your choice. You will guide them into adulthood, fall in love, make friends (or enemies), face prejudice, deal with bully, and help them overcome the most difficult task one will ever face: to grow up.

CHARACTERS

Ywara Ferreira dos Santos M'bóinharõ
- Appearance: Long straight black hair with bangs; brown almond eyes; copper skin. Medium weight (60kg) medium height (1,70m), oval shaped face with prominent cheeks.
- Merits: Observative, good hearing, caretaker.
- Flaws: Short-tempered, ruthless, competitive.
- Personality: Ywara usually thinks before acting, but does not refuse a challenge. She hates losing and is always trying to find manners to improve her skills to prove her own self that she is capable. She always tries to follow the Pajé’s (her tribe spiritual leader) teachings to control her anger and not be drowned by her ambition, but this is no simple task for a young lady.
- Considerations about Castelobruxo: Brasil’s indigenous people are more likely to be wizards than the colonialist descendants. Among them, there’s no such a thing as “mugler-born” or “half-blood” because magic flows through their veins and is seen as a gift from the Gods, either it showed up earlier or later in life. The process of acknowledgement of being a witch or wizard is called “awakening”, because they assume everyone is magically gifted, but needs the Gods’s calling for effectively use this power. Not by coincidence tupi is Castelobruxo’s official language. 
With the advance of the military dictatorship in 1964, the Ministry of Magic was extinct and indigenous people (wizards or not) were persecuted by the military forces. The remaining brasilian wizards were forced to retreat in the amazonian forest school of magic in due to not face summary execution. In Castelobruxo, the headmistress Benedita Dourado
sent an alert to the International Wizard Confederation about Brasil’s situation, but the only response she received was that they “couldn’t interfere in mugler politics” once the school’s magical protection hasn’t faded and there were still a plenty number of Caiporas to physically protect its whereabouts. Of course, these news didn’t pleased the Headmistress and she almost refused the exchange proposal, but Ywara’s father persuaded her to continue for the student’s own sake.
- Lore: Directly descendant of the Tupinambá tribe, Ywara is a pure-blood for all effects. Her father is the spiritual leader of her tribe and also Castelobruxo’s Potions Master, while her mother is a priestess of the Witch Goddess Ticê, acting as Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher and member of the former Brasil’s Ministry of Magic. Born and raised practically within Castelobruxo’s walls, she showed magical talent since her earlier years, and always could learn languages with ease. Through the years she has trained the ability to talk to animals, including parseltongue - wich granted her name M’bóinharõ, that means “brave snake” or “the one who does not fears snakes”. Her mother’s special training got her to excel at Dark Arts, what made her father to worry; he knew that the proximity with the dark arts could taint one’s soul, and wish his daughter to be safe, so he trained her as well in meditation, spiritual healing and cleansing, always advising her to take full control of her anger.
In 1974, Ywara’s mother gathered wizardry forces and went off the Amazonian forest to “take back their people rightful place”, as she said. Her group has engaged a violent conflict with the militaries, and no one returned; the ones who haven’t been murdered, have been arrested and probably now lies in the DOI-CODI torture basements...
Fearing that Ywara would try to look for her mother, her father sign her up to the Magical Exchange Schooling Program in 1975 in order to avoid losing his only daughter.

Naledi Rachel Mohapi
- Appearance: Frizzly black hair, often adorned with colorful braids. Black skin, bright yellow eyes that resembles the ones of a cat, square-shaped face. Tall height (180cm) and heavy weight (90kg).
- Merits: Patient, smart, gentle.
- Flaws: Overthinking, low self-esteem, emotionally dependent.
- Personality: Naledi is calm - sometimes too calm - sweet, shy, and never acts on impulse, even in danger. Sometimes, she does not acts at all, what makes her feel uncomfortable and “useless”. She likes to read and to study, especially muggler-related things, which she finds most adorable and entertaining. Although her physical shape, Naledi is no athlete, and definitely can’t fight at all. Instead, she’s often spacing out in her own imagination, creating her own fictional worlds. 
- Considerations about Uagadou: Most people think that Uagadou is located somewhere in the Rwenjura Mountains, in east Uganda, but in fact Uagadou IS the Rwenjura Mountains. Lead by Headmaster Babajide Akingbade, this enormous school of magic was the first of its kind. Differently from any other, the students are not separated in houses, but in ethnic groups, and the only obligatory kind of uniform is the school’s crest, which has to be attached to the student’s clothes and visible, not covered in any way.
Uagadou’s students usually don’t use wands or any focus objects to do magic, and a large amount of them are animagi or metamorphmagi. Using the animal form in other situations besides classes or competitions is strictly ilegal, and the Dream Catchers are always aware to find the truth hidden in a transgressor’s subconscious.
The Apartheid is making South African student’s lives much harder; since its instauration, Uagadou received less students from this country than any other, and this troubles the Headmaster, who has sent a note to the International Wizardry Confederation in hope to get support to interfere in this situation, but all he got was a cold “we can’t interfere in mugler politics unless it directly endangers the wizardry community” as a response. Needless to say, the dissatisfaction of Uagadou’s teaching staff grows each day.
- Lore: Descendant from the sotho ethny, Naledi is a true genius, been considered one of the most brilliant students of her generation. Her outstanding grades granted her easy acceptance in Hogwarts, and her early animagus learning draw the attention of Minerva McGonagall to the young witch.
Being a half-blood, her life was spent alongside both magical and mugler cultures, studying animagi with her mother and consuming mugler pop culture with her father and her older brother, Akane, who was also a mugler. 
Although he was only 16, Akane was highly involved in South African politics; he joined a resistance group and made front against the Apartheid system that ruled the country since 1948. In 1973, the government discovered the group’s hideout, engaging a violent confrontation with the police, which resulted in Akane’s imprisonment and death. The Mohapi family could not bear the pain of losing him, and with Babajide’s aid they seeked refuge in another place. Fortunately, Albus Dumbledore could reach to them, using the Magical Exchange Schooling Program in 1975 to help the family move to England.

Kim Sun-Hee
- Appearance: Straight, short dark brown hair, often messy. She has an oval-shaped face and a typical asian almond black eyes. Short height (1,56m) and light weight (45kg).
- Merits: Friendly, funny, determined.
- Flaws: Relapsed, daredevil, unpredictably moody.
- Personality: Being a very talkative girl, Sun-hee is always talking her way out (and into!) all sorts of situations. She can be as funny as sarcastic, and is often joking about pretty much everything, sometimes even in inappropriate occasions, but she is hardly sorry for that. Actually, Sun-Hee is hardly sorry for anything she does because she has entirely assurance that she is doing the right thing. Impetuous and competitive, her dream is to become the new Quidditch star - but this dream is quite far from reality.
- Considerations about Mahoutokoro: Discipline and order are Mahoutokoro’s quotes. The school’s very first female Headmistress, Orion Oshiro, is known to be a descendant from Nohime and Oda Nobunaga, and she stands this heritage ruling Mahoutokoro with an iron fist. The punishments to infractors are the most severe of all schools of magic, and the young wizards are daily inspected in search of any irregularities in their uniforms and skin. Customized clothes, tattoos and eccentric hair colors are utterly forbidden. The practice of martial arts is obligatory, as the detailed study of the japanese culture. Nobody really talks about it, but is known that the Headmistress holds a longing for the Rising Sun Empire era, and although the school is located far beneath the Manami Iwo Jima vulcanic island, Oshiro does not take her eyes off the continent; rumors says that she is pulling her strings in the muggler politics in order to revive the fallen empire, by subtly supporting the rise of authoritarian leader all over the asiatic continent, including Park Chun-hee’s Forth Republic in South Korea. Truth or not, she has the approval of the Jade’s Sentai (the asian ministry’s council) and no one dares to report her actions to the International Wizardry Confederation.
- Lore: Sun-Hee is a muggleborn that never felt that she belongs to her home in Korea, neither in Mahoutokoro, or in any other place. Since a very early stage of her life, she always felt uneasy and displaced. She had a lot of acquaintances, but no real friends. People always liked her, but never really missed her. This situation just made the hole in her heart to become bigger each time. Since Park Chung-hee ordered troops to vietnam, her father was assigned, leaving to never come back, and her mother succumbed to alcoholism. She couldn’t stand her drunk mother at home, the muggler school’s strict rules, the Park’s policemen grip, and when she was invited to Mahoutokoro she had hope of a better life quickly taken away from her by Oshiro and her obsession for rules. There, in the transfiguration class, she finally discovered what kept her from feeling complete, and faced a new kind of hell: to be a transgender in a school that wouldn’t allow its students to even cut their hairs. She studied in secret the arts of human transfiguration, although not successful, at least she never got caught.
Sun was definitely not happy, but at least while in Mahoutokoro she was far from her house and from the police. She knew that her future wasn’t there, and as soon as she knew about the exchange program early in, she applied. Knowing that she couldn’t afford the exchange costs, she decided to try the exam for a free scholarship. It tooks an entire year of preparation, but for everyone’s surprise, the “last” student made it successfully in the 1974’s exam and joined Hogwarts. There, although with McGonagall's support, she couldn’t do the permanent human transfiguration of her dreams yet, but professor Flitwick was specially moved by the girl’s story and helped her to create a personal elusive charm capable of fooling all the five senses; it is not permanent, but it is way less tricky to do than the polyjuice potion or human transfiguration.

